These scripts should be usd for extracting the animation data from Maya (or creating synthetic one) and structuring it properly before proceeding to work with any ot the other modules in this repo.

```python CreateRandomData.py``` - This script creates random blendshape matrix and neutral face, as well as corrective terms of the first three levels. A user should specify the desired final dimensions of the data. bear in mind that this will result in random vectors/matrices, and the data will not have any of the expected face nature.
ExtractBlendshapes.py - This script is to be executed in Autodesk Maya console, with a metahuman (or some other) avatar. It extracts the neutral face and delta blendshape matrix. A user should specify the number of available animated frames, number of vertices in the mesh and the path where data will be stored.
 ExtractCorrectiveBlendshapes.py - This script is to be executed in Autodesk Maya console, with a metahuman (or some other) avatar. It extracts the corrective blenndshape terms of the first three levels. A user should specify the number of blendshapes (in the basis), the number of available controllers in the blendshape node in Maya, and the path where data will be stored (keep in mind that hte path shuld be the same as in ExtractBlendshapes.py).
  ComputeEigenSingularValues.py - This script takes in the extracted (or created) data, and computes the Eigen and Singular values of the matrix H, which is a symmetric representation of the first level corrective terms. (Only needed for the Majorization-Minimization-based solution.)

